Update migration document to include private nodegroups (#5084)
weaveworks/eksctl: userdocs/src/usage/nodegroup-override-announcement.md

      /etc/eks/bootstrap.sh test-override-11 --container-runtime containerd --kubelet-extra-args "--node-labels=${NODE_LABELS}"
```

Additionally, you might have to also set `--apiserver-endpoint` and `--b64-cluster-ca`. For private nodegroups set these

> as follows:

Reviewer: For nodegroups that have no outbound internet access, you'll need to supply `--apiserver-endpoint` and `--b64-cluster-ca` to the bootstrap script. These values can be obtained using `aws eks describe-cluster --name <cluster>`.

> Additionally, you might have to also set `--apiserver-endpoint` and `--b64-cluster-ca`. For private nodegroups set these
> as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For nodegroups that have no outbound internet access, you'll need to supply `--apiserver-endpoint` and `--b64-cluster-ca` to the bootstrap script. These values can be obtained using `aws eks describe-cluster --name <cluster>`.
```

Author: >These values can be obtained using `aws eks describe-cluster --name <cluster>`.
We provide that from the helper script that is sourced. :)
